1. Subject size and radius: The subject size is the radius of the core whereas the infection radius is the circle
around a subject. Any subject that gets within an infected subject's infection radius might get infected.
2. Subject colours: The following colour coding has been used to annotate infection status throughout the application:matplotlibgraph
3. Simulation constants: These are parameters that have to be configured before
 each simulation and cannot be changed during the course of a simulation.
    3.1 Number of subjects:
    The number of subjects (circles) participating in the simulation.
    3.2 Ratio of initially infected subjects:
    The number of infected subjects at the onset of the simulation and
    are calculated by multiplying the number of subjects with this ratio. If it is not a whole number, it is
    rounded down to the closest integer.
    3.3 Incubation period:
     The amount of days while a subject does not show symptoms but already able to infect others.
    3.4 Recovery time: After the incubation period, the amount of days it takes until a subject becomes immune.
    While in real life this is not a certain outcome of an infection, it was thought to use a more positive terminology
    for this application.
4. Simulation modes: These are modes which can be switched on before each simulation accommodating
 different scenarios.
    4.1 Social distancing mode: Whether the subjects will perform social distancing. If so, the subjects will try
     to stay out
    of each other's infection zones. However, depending on their speed and the density of colliding subjects, they may
    end up within the social distancing radius being able to infect each other.
    4.2 Quarantine mode: The subjects who are actively infected (their incubation period is over) will be moved to the
    quarantine zone (left side of the simulation area, if it is turned on). However, while they are asymptomatic, they are
    going through their incubation period, they are able to infect other subjects.
    4.3 Community mode: In this mode, the simulation area is divided into 9 communities where each subject stays within
    their designated community's boundaries unless the "Travelling chance between communities" setting is turned on.
5. Live settings: These parameters can be changed during the course of a simulation.
    5.1 Subject compliance ratio: the ratio of subjects complying with social distancing rules.
    If there are 100 subjects and the ratio is 0.8, there will be 100 * 0.8 = 80 subjects who comply with the restrictions and 20, which won't.
    5.2 Days multiplier: In an optimal scenario, it would equal to the number of days per minute,
     however, depending on the machine the application is run on it might be slower or faster. Based on experience,
    it is on average "0.75 * Days multiplier" days per minute.
    5.3 Movement speed multiplier: The movement speed of the subjects. Since this application's animation is frame based,
    the faster the subject the less chance they have to interact and infect each other.
    5.4 Subject size: The size of the core of each subject.
    5.5 Infection radius: The circle around the core of each subject. Serves as social distancing and infection radius as well.
    5.6 Infection chance per day: If two subjects end up constantly within each other's infection radius for a day, this is
    the chance of one infecting the another. However, depending on their movement speed and vector, this is an unlikely scenario.
    5.7 Travelling chance between communities: The chance of a subject travelling from one community to another.
    It is calculated as chance/1000/frame.
6. Simulation statistics: The live statistics of the simulation both in a numeric and visual form.
The graph and subject status counts are updated after each frame while r-statistics are only calculated only daily. The default frame rate is 45.
R-rate is calulated as the average of each infected subject's forecasted infections during them being infected.
If each subject infects only one another during them being infected, the r-rate will be one.
However, if each subject has infected another on the first day of their infection, then the r-rate will be
n * 1, where n is the number of days a subject is infected (including incubation period as well).
